feat: add master configurations for access token max and default lifespans [DET-10464] (#10101)
determined-ai/determined: docs/reference/deploy/master-config-reference.rst

Initial password for the built-in ``determined`` and ``admin`` users. Applies on first launch when a
cluster's database is bootstrapped, otherwise it is ignored.

``token``
=========

Define default ``default_lifespan_days`` & max lifespan ``max_lifespan_days`` master configurations

> for access tokens to set global defaults & limits on how long access tokens can be valid for.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for access tokens. These settings allow administrators to set global defaults and limits on the validity period of access tokens.
```

Initial password for the built-in ``determined`` and ``admin`` users. Applies on first launch when a
cluster's database is bootstrapped, otherwise it is ignored.

``token``
=========

Define default ``default_lifespan_days`` & max lifespan ``max_lifespan_days`` master configurations
for access tokens. These settings allow administrators to set global defaults and limits on the
validity period of access tokens. Requires Determined Enterprise Edition.

> 

Reviewer: maybe something like this?

`token
=====

Applies only to Determined Enterprise Edition. Defines default and maximum lifespan settings for access tokens. These settings allow administrators to control how long access tokens can remain valid, enhancing security while supporting automation.

-  ``default_lifespan_days``: Specifies the default lifespan (in days) for new access tokens. Defaults to 30 days.
-  ``max_lifespan_days``: Specifies the maximum allowed lifespan (in days) for access tokens. Setting this to ``-1`` allows for an infinite token lifespan. Defaults to -1.

`
